---
layout: post
title: "It begins on 7-16-2024"
date: 2025-11-24
tags: [cchs, board, timeline]
---

# It begins on 7-16-2024

On 7/16/2024, I had been providing general computer support to CCHS and considered all those I associated with as a friend.  I was aware of conflict regarding the construction project and personallities, and had witnessed some interactions I deemed improper, but considered them typical.  However on that day, I was informed by the director that the Octoberfest chair was no longer in that capacity, and for reasons I believed to be false (I'll leave further details to those better qualified to provide them)

This is what I immediately sent to the Director of CCHS

> From: Preston Powell <pspowell@gmail.com>  
> Date: Tue, Jul 16, 2024 at 6:02 PM  
> Subject: Resignation  
> To: Terry Koster <tkoster.cchs@gmail.com>, Cheryl Ogden <champaigncohistory@gmail.com>  
>
> Please find attached all files that I’ve worked on relating to the 2024 Oktoberfest. I’ve deleted the shared access which I had set up for the 2024 Oktoberfest Committee on my personal Google Drive and this attachment represents the entirety of data that you are entitled to but may not have access to otherwise.
>
> With this email, I resign all association with the Champaign County Historical Society with the exception of my membership. I remain loyal to the rich heritage of honor and virtue of Champaign County and it is my prayer that your organization is able to return as an accurate representation of that.
>
> As I have respected your wishes for confidentiality, I demand the same from you. I wish to have no further communication from your organization save the newsletter until further notice.
>
> Preston Powell  
> 7/16/2024

I was pissed!

Subsequent to that time, I watched from the sidelines as events unfolded.

- Impeachment proceedings within the board
- Reversal of the previously adopted Capital Campaign objectives
- Resignation of the Treasurer in response to these actions
- Failure to include the former Treasurer in the handoff, resulting in the loss of organizational records
- A frivolous complaint submitted to the Attorney General
- Failure to reimburse the former Treasurer for Capital Campaign contributions, without legitimate justification
- Continued refusal to disclose records and organizational status
- Acts of retribution against those who raised concerns

Which brings us to the launch of this site.
 